DOCS-#458: Add doc for debug_info (#459)
lux-org/lux: doc/source/guide/FAQ.rst

The Lux Jupyter widget does not show up when I print a dataframe.
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> To check if luxwidget is enabled, run the following code in your Jupyter Notebook/Lab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if your luxwidget configuration is set up correctly, please run the following code in your notebook to debug:
```

>   

Reviewer: We recommend using a simple toy example to test if your widget is showing correctly: 

```python
import lux
import pandas as pd
df = pd.read_csv("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lux-org/lux-datasets/master/data/college.csv")
df
```

  .. code-block:: bash
  
    import lux
    lux.debug_info()
  
    

>   - If you receive the output message :code:`❌ IPython shell not available. Please note that Lux must be used within a notebook interface (e.g., Jupyter notebook, Jupyter Lab, JupyterHub, or VSCode`, please run your code in a notebook interface such as those mentioned in the message.

Reviewer: Some of the lines are exceeding the docs page. You can preview the Sphinx docs by building it locally `sphinx-build -b html . build` and inspecting the HTML. 
![Screen Shot 2022-03-02 at 10 45 33 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5554675/156427719-88497dbb-1002-4f6f-aa63-6262206823b0.png)

>   - If you receive the output message :code:`❌ IPython shell not available. Please note that Lux must be used within a notebook interface (e.g., Jupyter notebook, Jupyter Lab, JupyterHub, or VSCode`, please run your code in a notebook interface such as those mentioned in the message.

Reviewer: We probably don't need a list for each of these three bullets.
